# SNHU--CS-230
### A repository for my work completed for my Operating Platforms class at Southern New Hampshire University

Throughout the semester, I was assigned to gradually work on a software design document with the provided template. The scenario for this template is that the client, a company by the name of The Gaming Room, wanted me to develop a game called Draw It or Lose It. The concept of the game is that there are at least two teams that would be provided by a slowly generated image. As the image would load, the teams would compete on who would guess what the image was first. Whoever was able to guess the image would gain a point for their team. 

The section of this document that I feel the most confident in is designing a UML diagram for how the application would be designed. I've had experience with designing UML diagrams for previous courses, and taking the time to create the UML diagram helped me visualize how the application should operate within it's classes. If I had to pick a section of the document that I would like to improve, I would go with the Server Side Evaluations among operating systems, as well as security recommendations. These are topics that I do not have the most knowledge of as of this moment, and would like to further research to gain a more fleshed out understanding of them. When interpreting the user's needs for this template, I kept in mind how the application should be experienced from a user's perspective, and imagined what features an enthusiast of the application, or games in general, would appreciate that goes beyond the bare requirements for the game, but still tie in with the client's goals for the product. If I were to proceed about actually developing the software, or any software similar to this, I would take note and improve the software based off of tester's feedback as much as possible. I believe frequent testing and improvements made after feedback is crucial for the development for the game, as while the software may meet what The Gaming Room wanted in terms of requirements and functionality, it also must be an enjoyable and fun experience for the user to ensure it is quality product. 
